Jenkins Questions !!

1. How can we trigger a Jenkins build once a commit has been done in source code repository(Git/Svn)?

2. Explain about CI and CD of your project currently you are working?

3. In how many ways can we install Jenkins?

4. How do you update Jenkins? Via ui or how?

5. Why we use  SCM plugin ?

6. While updating will you take backup?

7. What is Jenkins server crashed? How do you restore?

8. When new changes in git, How Jenkins trigger the execution of tests on target server?

9. How Jenkins know in which account  (AWs acc) it has to lunch instances to execute the tests? Where you mentioned that details?

10. Explain about Jenkins?

11. What is CI & CD in Devops?

How you have setup the CICD pipeline?

Why jdk can’t be installed thru wget and going for winscp?

If Jenkins we are installing, why git is needed to be install in CICD pipeline.

What are the things are you do in Jenkins?

What do you mean by continues integration and continoues delivery?

What are the most plugins you  used in Jenkins?

For integrating the ansble you have to use some  plugin for  Jenkins?

Do you automated anything in the Jenkins?

5.What level of knowledge you have in Jenkins?

16.In Jenkins ways we can install Jenkins?

Q3. What is Continuous Delivery?
Ans. It is practice of delivering the software for testing as soon as it is built by CI (Continuous Integration) servers.

Q11. Why do you need a Continuous Integration of Dev & Testing?
Ans. Continuous Integration of Dev and Testing improves the quality of software, and reduces the time taken to deliver it, by replacing the traditional practice of testing after completing all development.


Q17. What testing is necessary to insure a new service is ready for production?
Ans. Continuous testing

Q15. What is meant by Continuous Integration?
Ans. It is a development practice that requires developers to integrate code into a shared repository several times a day.

Q18. What is Continuous Testing?
Ans. Continuous Testing is the process of executing automated tests as part of the software delivery pipeline to obtain immediate feedback on the business risks associated with in the latest build.

Q19. What is Automation Testing?
Ans. Automation testing or Test Automation is a process of automating the manual process to test the application/system under test.

Q20. What are the key elements of continuous testing?
Ans. Risk assessment, policy analysis, requirements traceability, advanced analysis, test optimisation, and service virtualisation

Q21. What are the Testing types supported by Selenium?
Ans. Regression testing and functional testing

1.what is the use of Jenkins?

=======================
What are the things are you do in Jenkins?
What do you mean by continues integration and continoues delivery?
What are the most plugins you  used in Jenkins?
For integrating the ansble you have to use some  plugin for  Jenkins?
Do you automated anything in the Jenkins?
What level of knowledge you have in Jenkins?
In Jenkins ways we can install Jenkins?
what is the use of Jenkins?
how do you maintain more than unexpected request how do you make it scalable?
when do you do stress testing?

What testing is necessary to insure a new service is ready for production?
Ans. Continuous testing

What is Continuous Delivery?
Ans. It is practice of delivering the software for testing as soon as it is built by CI (Continuous Integration) servers.

Why do you need a Continuous Integration of Dev & Testing?
Ans. Continuous Integration of Dev and Testing improves the quality of software, and reduces the time taken to deliver it, by replacing the traditional practice of testing after completing all development.

What is meant by Continuous Integration?
Ans. It is a development practice that requires developers to integrate code into a shared repository several times a day.

What is Continuous Testing?
Ans. Continuous Testing is the process of executing automated tests as part of the software delivery pipeline to obtain immediate feedback on the business risks associated with in the latest build.

What is Automation Testing?
Ans. Automation testing or Test Automation is a process of automating the manual process to test the application/system under test.

What are the key elements of continuous testing?
Ans. Risk assessment, policy analysis, requirements traceability, advanced analysis, test optimisation, and service virtualisation

What are the Testing types supported by Selenium?
Ans. Regression testing and functional testing

=====
what type of pipelines u have used?--declarative and scripted
two types of pipelines?which one u have used
r u aware of groovy ?have u worked with groovy
do u know what is a shared library in groovy?
what have u done with groovy?
have u written any pipeline?where u have used groovy?
what exactly groovy scripting will do,in which part?
in jenkins how do u store u r configurations?or u r pipelines how do u store and
how do u store u r jenkins configuration...is it backed up somewhere?
what about u r pipelines backup?
have u created this dynamic agents?