
Linux Questions !!


1. If I give a physical server , how will u install linux os?


2. If I have 32 gb ram, server and 98 % ustilized and 2% free, how can you free the memory?


3. How can you increase the performance of a server?


4. What is meant by proxy?


5. How load balancer works?

6. How can we set java home path for a user in linux?

7. How can we do a password less ssh from 1 server to another in linux?


8. How can we check the load average in linux?

9. Using which apache module can we setup load balancing?


10. What does HTTP 503 signify?


11. What if cpu utilization reaches upto max?

12. How can we find which port tomcat is running on?

13. What is the difference between logs and system logs?

14. What is LVM, Explain about it?

15. I will give you 1 linux server  with a user name and password. What information you can provide me about that server?

16. How can we find which service is using which port?

17. What is the importance of Route Table?

18. In linux which flaour you worked on?

19. In linux we need a system, files which were created should be default permission as 511?

20. Users are complaining network is very slow, what u will do?

21. Why we are using apache services?


File system check commands.

Which operating system you are working?

In Linux what are the commands mostly used in your environment?

Explain me about the permission 777 and 655 and 755?

What chown does?

What are the other command you used?

I have one server thing that  how can we check our Java is running or not?

Checking the particular process who can you check?

What is the ps –ef means?

6.Coming to the linux administration  whenever user login to the linux server I want a welcome message to be displayed, how we will do that?

7.There is a process in linix how we will convert to the service?

what is the role of /etc/hosts file?



8.In a folder people how  creates a file only there should be having the delete permition? other people don’t have to delete file, How can we achieve that?
=====================

In Linux what are the commands mostly used in your environment?
Explain me about the permission 777 and 655 and 755?
What chown does?
What are the other command you used?
I have one server thing that  how can we check our Java is running or not?
Checking the particular process who can you check?
What is the ps –ef means?
Coming to the linux administration  whenever user login to the linux server I want a welcome message to be displayed, how we will do that?
There is a process in linix how we will convert to the service?
In a folder people how  creates a file only there should be having the delete permition? other people don’t have to delete file, How can we achieve that?
How does HTTP work?
Ans. The HTTP protocol works in a client and server model like most other protocols. A web browser using which a request is initiated is called as a client and a web server software which responds to that request is called a server. World Wide Web Consortium and the Internet Engineering Task Force are two important spokes in the standardization of the HTTP protocol.
Describe two-factor authentication?
Ans. Two-factor authentication is a security process in which the user provides two means of identification from separate categories of credentials; one is typically a physical token, such as a card, and the other is typically something memorized, such as a security code.



